Mr. Zheng, why did he call?
No way. That would never be the case.
The other party must have no power
Otherwise, how could this trash win in one go?
You can enter the low-light sword rice.
How could it possibly stop me from waiting?
Attack of the noble bloodline
Noble sword face
I am in the middle and lower
In fact, a bastard like you can insult
Even if you have demon blood
So what?
Still have to surrender at my feet
Every inch of land in the middle and bottom
It's not something you can burn fat.
You want to insult Zhongxia
I can only tell you that I am delusional
Foreign dogs get out of the middle and lower
Foreign dogs get out
Foreign dogs get out of lobster
Start fulfilling your promises
Hand over all of the matte group
Then get out of winter and summer
I will definitely come back to help